Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-handler-simpleFlatten.adoc

= Function: simpleFlatten
:page-edition: Enterprise Edition
:tabs:

*Goal*: Flatten a document for integration with a non-NOSQL RDBMS.

* This function *simpleFlatten* shows how a document can be flattened into a RDBMS importable record.
* Requires a metdata bucket, a source bucket, and a destination bucket aliases to "dst_bkt" in mode read+write.
* Will operate on all documents with doc.type === "tosync".

> * Will write transformed or flatted documents to the destination bucket with the same type and id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires a metadata bucket, a source bucket, and a destination bucket aliased to "dst_bkt" in mode read+write.
* Will operate on all documents where doc.type === "tosync".
* Will write transformed or flattened documents to the destination bucket with the same type and id.
```

* The destination bucket can be shared (or replicated via XCDR to a business partner).
* Will also remove the flattened document in the destination bucket when the original source document is removed.

> * Note since the document is not available during an OnDelete we will filter by KEY prefix starting with "tosync:".* This is a hard coded implementation. Refer to xref:eventing-handler-genericFlatten.adoc[genericFlatten] for a generic implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note since the document is not available during an OnDelete we will filter by KEY prefix starting with `"tosync:".*`. This is a hard coded implementation. Refer to xref:eventing-handler-genericFlatten.adoc[genericFlatten] for a generic implementation.
```
